README.md, before:

# matsim-example-project

A small example of how to use MATSim as a library.

By default, this project uses the latest (pre-)release. In order to use a different version, edit `pom.xml`.

A recommended directory structure is as follows:
* `src` for sources
* `original-input-data` for original input data (typically not in MATSim format)
* `scenarios` for MATSim scenarios, i.e. MATSim input and output data.  A good way is the following:
  * One subdirectory for each scenario, e.g. `scenarios/mySpecialScenario01`.
  * This minimally contains a config file, a network file, and a population file.
  * Output goes one level down, e.g. `scenarios/mySpecialScenario01/output-from-a-good-run/...`.
  
  
### Import into eclipse

1. download a modern version of eclipse. This should have maven and git included by default.
1. `file->import->git->projects from git->clone URI` and clone as specified above.  _It will go through a 
sequence of windows; it is important that you import as 'general project'._
1. `file->import->maven->existing maven projects`

Sometimes, step 3 does not work, in particular after previously failed attempts.  Sometimes, it is possible to
right-click to `configure->convert to maven project`.  If that fails, the best thing seems to remove all 
pieces of the failed attempt in the directory and start over.

### Import into IntelliJ

... todo ...

Commit message:

Initial extended routing algorithm class. issues with visitNode override

README.md, after:

# Routing Algorithm Experiments

This project tests routing algorithms in various networks. Currently a single route by a single person is tested.



A recommended directory structure is as follows:
* `src` for sources
* `original-input-data` for original input data (typically not in MATSim format)
* `scenarios` for MATSim scenarios, i.e. MATSim input and output data.  A good way is the following:
  * One subdirectory for each scenario, e.g. `scenarios/mySpecialScenario01`.
  * This minimally contains a config file, a network file, and a population file.
  * Output goes one level down, e.g. `scenarios/mySpecialScenario01/output-from-a-good-run/...`.
  
  
### Import into eclipse

1. download a modern version of eclipse. This should have maven and git included by default.
1. `file->import->git->projects from git->clone URI` and clone as specified above.  _It will go through a 
sequence of windows; it is important that you import as 'general project'._
1. `file->import->maven->existing maven projects`

Sometimes, step 3 does not work, in particular after previously failed attempts.  Sometimes, it is possible to
right-click to `configure->convert to maven project`.  If that fails, the best thing seems to remove all 
pieces of the failed attempt in the directory and start over.
